add v1 upgrade guide (#506)
nitrictech/docs: src/pages/support/upgrade/index.mdx

```yaml
name: my-project
services:
  - match: ./services/*.ts
    start: yarn dev:function $SERVICE_PATH
```

The notable changes are:

- The `functions` key has been replaced with `services` to better reflect the broad range of solutions that Nitric supports.
- Service type definitions include a `match` key that specifies the file pattern to match for the service type.
- Service type definitions also includes a `start` key that specifies the command to run to start the service.
- A `$SERVICE_PATH` environment variable is available to the `start` command which will specify the relative filepath of each matched service.

If you have an existing `nitric.yaml` file, the before and after for the upgrade would look something like this:

#### Before

```yaml
name: my-project
handlers:
  - functions/*.js
```

#### After

```yaml
name: my-project
services:
  - match: ./functions/*.js
    start: yarn dev:function $SERVICE_PATH
```

Where the `yarn dev:function` is a command capable of starting the function in development mode, for example:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "dev:function": "nodemon -r -q dotenv/config"
  }
}
```

<Note>

>   Previous versions of Nitric replied on two terminal windows to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previous versions of Nitric relied on two terminal windows to run
```

  applications locally. This is no longer the case, and the `nitric start`
  command will start all services in a single terminal window. This also means

>   that any index file that was previously used to run the services locally is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that the index file that was previously provided in the templates is no
```

  longer required.
</Note>

### Upgrading Stack Files

There is one minor change to the inner format of stack files in v1.x, as well as a new naming convention for stack files. While v0.x stack files were named `nitric-mystack.yaml`, v1.x stack files are named `nitric.mystack.ts` (replacing the first dash with a dot). The only change to the inner format of the files is removal of the `name` key, which is no longer required or supported. The name of the stack will be now always be inferred from the filename, to avoid confusion and naming conflicts.

### Upgrading Nitric APIs

> {/* Move security definitions */}

Reviewer: TODO

### Upgrading Nitric Functions

> Nitric Functions have been renamed to Nitric Services. While in practice this change is mostly cosmetic, it serves to disambiguate the different elements of a Nitric application. Each services is an entrypoint to a Nitric application, and typically represents a single deployed container image. These images could always include multiple functions, which is where confusion could arise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nitric Functions have been renamed to Nitric Services. While in practice this change is mostly cosmetic, it serves to disambiguate the different elements of a Nitric application. Each service is an entrypoint to a Nitric application and typically represents a single deployed container image. These images could always include multiple functions, which is where confusion could arise.
```

### Upgrading Queues

Nitric Queues have been simplified in v1.x. They also include some changes in nomenclature. The `send` method has been renamed to `enqueue` and the `receive` method has been renamed to `dequeue`. While the messages sent to queues were typically referred to as "tasks" in v0.x, they are now referred to as "messages" in v1.x.

> Lastly, messages sent to queues used to impose common properties such as `id` and `payloadType`. These properties are no longer imposed by the Nitric SDK, and you're free to reintroduce them as you see fit or leave them out entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, messages sent to queues used to require common properties such as `id` and `payloadType`. These properties are no longer used by the Nitric SDK, however, you're free to reintroduce them as you see fit or leave them out entirely.
```

As with Queues, Nitric Topics have also been simplified in v1.x. The messages sent to topics were typically referred to as "events" in v0.x, they are now referred to as "messages" in v1.x. They also no longer automatically include or generate an `id` property or other properties such as `payloadType`. As with Queues, you're free to reintroduce these properties as you see fit or leave them out entirely.

### Changing from Collections to Key/Value

The most significant change in Nitric v1.x is the change from Collections to Key/Value. Collection resources are no longer supported or deployed by Nitric, instead they've been superseded by Key/Value resources. Nitric always strives to provide the most consistent experience across all supported cloud providers, and this change was made to better reflect the capabilities of the underlying cloud providers, while also greatly improving the breadth of options available to fullfil the underlying requirements.

The primary differences between Collections and Key/Value are:

- Key/Value stores do not support querying, and are instead designed to be used as a efficient key/value store.
- Key/Value stores do not support sub-collections.

> - For Azure deployments Key/Value stores are backed by Azure Table Storage, instead of the MongoDB deployments used for Collections.

Reviewer: Potentially add a note describing the benefits of moving to Azure Table Storage, i.e. reduced deployment time, reducing costs, scale to zero (?).

      issuer: 'https://dev-abc123.my.issuer.com',
      audiences: ['https://test-security-definition/'],
    },
  },
})
```

The issue with this approach is that it was easy to create a security definition and not realize it needed to be applied to take effect.

For example, this code would create a security definition but not apply, resulting in an API that was not secure:

```typescript
const helloApi = api('main', {
  // Note: no security key
  securityDefinitions: {
    user: {
      kind: 'jwt',
      issuer: 'https://dev-abc123.my.issuer.com',
      audiences: ['https://test-security-definition/'],
    },
  },
})
```

In v1.x security definitions, now called rules, are created as standalone objects and then applied to the API or route. This make the ensures unapplied security definitions are more obvious and less likely to be overlooked.

The new code for the above example would look like this for an OpenID Connect (OICD) Rule:

```typescript
import { oidcRule, api } from '@nitric/sdk';

const userAccessRule = oidcRule({ 
  name: 'user', 
  audiences: ['https://test-security-definition/'], 
  issuer: 'https://dev-abc123.my.issuer.com', 
});

const helloApi = api('main', {

>     security: [ userAccessRule('user.read') ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  security: [ userAccessRule('user.read') ]
```
